Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create the book controller, so in the one of the previous lessons,
we described our book service in this lesson, we will call it from the controller and we will map our
rest API requests to do it.
First of all, we will create a controller class under the controller package.
We will create the book controller class to describe book controller as a controller class.
We will add a controller annotation to it.
Then we can add request mapping, annotation to add prepared for all methods on the controller.
For example, here, if we add API book as it prepared to access the methods under the book controller,
we need to start with the API slash book part.
Later we will call book service for dependency injection.
We can use Wired in SilverLink.
Okay, now we can create our API methods.
Our first method will be saved book in the rest controller.
We will define every method with response.
And the population response entity is a population that contains HTP header, HTP status and responsibility
for our save book method.
We will reach from NATO of request with request, by the annotation with using recurse by the annotation
we can reach form data.
Similarly, we have declares paramount.
We are able annotations to reach and point variables.
At this point, Progress API provides many utilities.
Our mapping request method will be post mapping and the API that will be like API select book.
How?
Because we describe it as perrottet on class level and finally we will call our product saving method
from product service and return created HTP statis.
OK, that's all about the save method, our second method will be to delete that book by Idy here we
can send the book by the expert variable.
Maybe type will be the lead mapping and the Apple iPad will be API book, Pelosse book, Idy API slash
book is coming from Bedrest Mapping and the book idea comes from paired variable than we can call the
delete book method from book service.
Finally return on HDTV status.
OK, that's all about the delete book method.
Our last method will be get all books.
This will be a guess mapping and the API.
That will be the same with class level request mapping so we can understand from here API iPads can
be the same for different request mappings for our case.
The API pad for board yet and post mapping is API book and it is not a problem.
Of course, if we use the same mapping type, this will be a problem.
Finally, return the body with OK HTP status.
OK, now our product controller class is ready.
Finally, we will customize security configuration for book API and points.
Getting all books should be reachable by everyone.
So we will describe it as a permitted pets.
But other book and points should be accessible by only Edman so only admins can save book and the lead
book.
We can handle it from HTP security configuration.
But here the important thing is the order of the permissions.
First of all, we should describe the permission that then we should describe the restriction pad because
skippering security expects it like that.
OK, that's all about book control implementation.
Thank you.